---
title: Configuration
permalink: /page-components/navbar/configuration/
third_nav_title: Navigation Bar
---
```yaml
logo: /images/logo.svg

links:
  - title: Sample Collection
    collection: sample-collection
  - title: Resource Room
    resource_room: true
  - title: Single Page
    url: /some-page/
  - title: Custom Sublinks
    url: /some-page-a/
    sublinks:
      - title: Subitem 1
        url: /some-page-a/
      - title: Subitem 2
        url: /some-page-b/
      - title: Subitem 3
        url: /some-page-c/
```

The navigation bar configuration file is `_data/navigation.yml` and has 2 elements to configure, `logo` and `links`:

* `logo`: the path to the logo that will be located at the left of the navigation bar, e.g. `/images/logo.svg`. The logo size is adjusted dynamically by the user's browser, but we recommend a logo resolution of 170x50 pixels.

* `links`: a list of items in the navigation bar. Each item requires a `title`, which is the label that is visible to users on the navigation bar. The URL of each item can be specified in one of four ways:

  * For items that consists only of pages in a collection, you can use `collection`, specifying the collection name. The subitems and URLs will be automatically generated by Isomer.

  * For a resource room, you can specify `resource_room: true`. The links to the resource room and categories will be automatically generated by Isomer.

  * For a single link without subitems, simply specify the `url`, e.g. `/category/page/` or `https://www.google.com`. Remember to include the `https://` or `http://` in front of the URL if the link is to another site/microsite.

  * For an item with custom subitems, specify the `url` which will be the URL the user is brought to if they click on the link on the navigation bar directly. On top of that, specify `sublinks`, and provide a list of sublinks following the third format above.